{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red234\green234\blue234;\red234\green234\blue234;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13260\viewh13200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question 1: What is the link to your github repository for this lab?\
	https://github.com/Baidadan67/mysite.git\
Question 2: After starting a brand new Django application and running the runserver command, what does the browser show you?\
	it shows up a rocket and said it is installed successfully. \
Question 3: After creating the first view within polls, what does the browser show you when navigating to 
\f1\fs26 \cb3 /
\f0\fs32 \cb1  and to 
\f1\fs26 \cb3 /polls
\f0\fs32 \cb1  respectively?\
	 \'93/\'93  is not found (404)\
	for \'93/polls\'94 it shows hello, world. \
Question 4: What is a Django migration and why do we need them?\
	when we make any change related to the database, we need to make migrations to make sure it works properly. Make migrations to appear custom models in the admin page. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Question 5
\f3\b0 : What do you see after you log into the Django adminstration site? From a high levle, how do you get custom models to appear in the Django admin page?\
\

\f0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	it shows up the site administration including polls, and authorization. Make migrations to appear custom models in the admin page. \
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Question 6
\f3\b0 : What do you see when you go to\'a0
\fs26 \cb4 /polls/38/
\fs32 \cb1 \'a0in your browser? What about\'a0
\fs26 \cb4 /polls/38/results
\fs32 \cb1 \'a0and\'a0
\fs26 \cb4 /polls/38/vote
\fs32 \cb1 ? What happens when you don\'92t put a number, and instead use a string? How would you modify the\'a0
\f4\i urls.py
\f3\i0 \'a0file to allow arbitrary alphabetic characters?\
\
	/polls/38/ 				\'93You\'92re looking at question 38.\'94 \
	/polls/38/results/ 	\outl0\strokewidth0 \'93You\'92re looking at the results of question 38.\'94 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
	\outl0\strokewidth0 /polls/38/vote/ 		\'93You\'92re voting on question 38.\'94\
	/polls/					\'93Hello, world. You\'92re at the polls index.\'94\
	/polls/a/ 				page not found 404\
\
	in url.py, we can replace the int by using str in the path, and now\
\
	/polls/a/			\'93You\'92re looking at question a.\'94\
	/polls/a/vote/		\'93You\'92re voting on question a.\'94\
\

\f2\b \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Question 7
\f3\b0 : Why is it a bad idea to hardcode urls into the templates?\
	it is hard to change the url later if we hardcode it. \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Question 8
\f3\b0 : What are the benefits of using Django's generic views over writing views 'the hard way'? When should you use a generic view and when shouldn't you use a generic view?\
	it has better reusability. But when the page is more dynamic, we should not use it. \
\
	\
\
}